README.md, before:


<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Book a Reservation - Backend <a name="about-project"></a>

**Book a Reservation** is a full-stack web application that lets the user:

- See a list of glampings
- See the details of each glamping
- Make a reservation to the glamping
- Add a glamping Item
- Delete a glamping Item
- List all reservations for a given glamping

This is the backend side of the project. You can go to the frontend side following this link:

https://github.com/jaimevillegas/book-a-reservation-frontend

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>


### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
   <li>HTML</li>
   <li>CSS</li>
   <li>React</li>
   <li>Redux</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Ruby on Rails</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>PostgreSQL</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- See a list of glampings
- See the details of each glamping
- Make a reservation to the glamping
- Add a glamping Item
- Delete a glamping Item
- List all reservations for a given glamping

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

Currently, we don't have a live version of the project. We will let you know ASAP when it is available!

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- Getting Started -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To run the project locally, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need to:

- Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- Install [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
- Install Rails gem `gem install rails`
- Install a code editor, We suggest [VsCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

### Setup

Clone the repo into your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jaimevillegas/book-a-reservation-backend
```

Install the dependencies using bundler:
```bash
bundle install
```

### Usage

Before starting the Rails Server, you have to configure the database credentials.
The file `database.yml` has configured Environment Variables on the parameters `username` and `password`.
In order to make this work, you have to create a file called `env_variable.rb` in the `config` folder, and write this code:

```ruby
ENV['DATABASE_USER'] = 'your_db_username'
ENV['DB_PW'] = 'your_db_password'
```

don't forget to add this file to `.gitignore`!

To start you can open your terminal and in the folder write
```bash
rails s
```

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Osvaldo Barrios**
- Twitter : [@OsvaldoBarrio20](https://twitter.com/OsvaldoBarrio20)
- GitHub :  [@OsvaldoBC](https://github.com/OsvaldoBC)
- LinkedIn: [osvaldo-barrios-data-science](https://linkedin.com/in/osvaldo-barrios-data-science)

👤 **Johnie**
- GitHub: @johnie261
- LinkedIn: John Njoroge

👤 **Néstor Oro**
- GitHub: @blueberry1312
- Twitter: @nestorsitooo
- LinkedIn: Nestor Oro

👤 **Jaime Villegas**
- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/jaimevillegas)
- Twitter: [@jaimevillegazz](https://twitter.com/JaimeVillegazz)
- LinkedIn: [Villegas0296](https://www.linkedin.com/in/villegas0296/)
- Medium: [@jaimevillegas296](https://medium.com/@jaimevillegas296)

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Implement authentication
- Implement authorization
- Deploy

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- Contributing -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- Show your support -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project leave a start for it.

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

We would like to thank Microverse for helping us in the journey to become a Fullstack developer 🌹

Special thanks to Murat Korkmaz, on providing an awesome design! https://www.behance.net/gallery/26425031/Vespa-Responsive-Redesign

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

Commit message:

Add Kanban board link to README

README.md, after:


<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [Kanban Board](#kanban-board)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Book a Reservation - Backend <a name="about-project"></a>

**Book a Reservation** is a full-stack web application that lets the user:

- See a list of glampings
- See the details of each glamping
- Make a reservation to the glamping
- Add a glamping Item
- Delete a glamping Item
- List all reservations for a given glamping

This is the backend side of the project. You can go to the frontend side following this link:

https://github.com/jaimevillegas/book-a-reservation-frontend

In this project, we had a team of 4 members.

## Kanban Board <a name="kanban-board"></a>
This is the link to the kanban board:
https://github.com/users/jaimevillegas/projects/1

This is the screenshot of the initial state of our Kanban board:

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>


### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
   <li>HTML</li>
   <li>CSS</li>
   <li>React</li>
   <li>Redux</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Server</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>Ruby on Rails</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Database</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>PostgreSQL</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- See a list of glampings
- See the details of each glamping
- Make a reservation to the glamping
- Add a glamping Item
- Delete a glamping Item
- List all reservations for a given glamping

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

Currently, we don't have a live version of the project. We will let you know ASAP when it is available!

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- Getting Started -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To run the project locally, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need to:

- Install [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- Install [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
- Install Rails gem `gem install rails`
- Install a code editor, We suggest [VsCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

### Setup

Clone the repo into your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/jaimevillegas/book-a-reservation-backend
```

Install the dependencies using bundler:
```bash
bundle install
```

### Usage

Before starting the Rails Server, you have to configure the database credentials.
The file `database.yml` has configured Environment Variables on the parameters `username` and `password`.
In order to make this work, you have to create a file called `env_variable.rb` in the `config` folder, and write this code:

```ruby
ENV['DATABASE_USER'] = 'your_db_username'
ENV['DB_PW'] = 'your_db_password'
```

don't forget to add this file to `.gitignore`!

To start you can open your terminal and in the folder write
```bash
rails s
```

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Osvaldo Barrios**
- Twitter : [@OsvaldoBarrio20](https://twitter.com/OsvaldoBarrio20)
- GitHub :  [@OsvaldoBC](https://github.com/OsvaldoBC)
- LinkedIn: [osvaldo-barrios-data-science](https://linkedin.com/in/osvaldo-barrios-data-science)

👤 **Johnie**
- GitHub: @johnie261
- LinkedIn: John Njoroge

👤 **Néstor Oro**
- GitHub: @blueberry1312
- Twitter: @nestorsitooo
- LinkedIn: Nestor Oro

👤 **Jaime Villegas**
- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/jaimevillegas)
- Twitter: [@jaimevillegazz](https://twitter.com/JaimeVillegazz)
- LinkedIn: [Villegas0296](https://www.linkedin.com/in/villegas0296/)
- Medium: [@jaimevillegas296](https://medium.com/@jaimevillegas296)

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Implement authentication
- Implement authorization
- Deploy

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- Contributing -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- Show your support -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project leave a start for it.

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

We would like to thank Microverse for helping us in the journey to become a Fullstack developer 🌹

Special thanks to Murat Korkmaz, on providing an awesome design! https://www.behance.net/gallery/26425031/Vespa-Responsive-Redesign

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.

<p align="right"><a href="#readme-top">👆</a></p>
